Remove base attribute from ParameterScaleBracket (#1162)
openfisca/openfisca-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

# 36.0.0 [#1149](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-core/pull/1162)

#### Breaking changes

> - ParameterScaleBracte:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In `ParameterScaleBracket`:
```

>   - Remove base attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Remove the `base` attribute
```

>   - This attribute usage is unclear and was used only for some French social security contributions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The attribute's usage was unclear and it was used only for some French social security contributions
```
